load_model_start = chatglm3-6b-int4
load_model_finish = 7.139 s
您已经完成并提交了。您可以在Android设备上玩“生存的最美味的”。在网站上玩是可行的，但您需要模拟多次触摸来移动桌面，这可能会有些令人困惑。有很多话题我想谈谈。我会遍历每个主题，而不是列出什么做得好/不好的 typical清单。概念设计主题可能是我在制作过程中遇到的最困难任务之一。最初，我有一个很好的想法，关于我想开发的游戏的玩法 - 有很多敌人/角色，简单的图形，可能是关于太空的，从 top-down 视角控制。我自信可以围绕任何主题。最终，像“进化”这样的主题在游戏中的问题是，进化是不受控制的。它是通过随时间发生的看似随机的突变，最适应的个体得以生存。这个基因模拟器是我认为实际进化物种的一个很好的例子。但是它是一个游戏吗？在游戏中，你需要控制 something 以达到目标。这 goes against what evolution is supposed to be like. If you allow the user to pick how to evolve something, it's not evolution anymore - it's the equivalent of intelligent design, the fable invented by creationists to combat the idea of evolution. 作为一位无神论者和 Pastafarian，这不是我感兴趣的。因此，我在决定制作什么时最大的困境不是我想要制作什么，而是我不想要制作什么。我不想制作一个“智能设计”的模拟器，并错误地称之为进化。这也是一个问题，当然，其他参赛者也必须面对这个问题。根据我查看提交的作品，很少有作品能够成功解决这个问题。我认为真正的解决办法可能是通过某种形式的 artificial selection。到目前为止，我还没有看到任何作品在核心玩法中使用这种方法。不幸的是，这个比赛只是一个 fun 的比赛，后来我决定不要那么严格地限制游戏想法，并让自己选择 whatever 能 working out。我最初的想法是创造一个关于人类试图进化到下一层的故事，但有一个 kind of 对手试图阻止他们。我有一种 image of human souls flying in space towards a monolith 或一个 space baby（所有基于 2001: A Space Odyssey当然）但 I couldn't think of compelling (read: serious) mechanics for that。Borgs were my next inspiration, as their whole hypothesis fit pretty well into the evolution theme. But how to make it work? Are you the borg, or fighting the Borg? The third and final idea came to me through my girlfriend, who somehow gave me the idea of making something about the evolution of Pasta. The more I thought about it the more it sounded like it would work, so I decided to go with it. Conversations with my inspiring co-worker Roushey (who also created the 'Mechanical Underdogs' signature logo for my intros) further matured the concept, as it involved the idea of having individual pieces of pasta flying around and trying to evolve until they became all-powerful. A secondary idea here was that the game would work to explain how the Flying Spaghetti Monster came to exist - by evolving from a normal dinner table. So the idea evolved more or less into this: you are sitting at a table. You have your own plate, with your 'base'. There are 5 other guests at the table, each with their own plate. Your plate can spawn little pieces of pasta. You do so by 'ordering' them through a menu. Some pastas are better than others; some are faster, some are stronger. They have varying 'costs', which are debited from your credits (you start with a number of credits). Once spawned, your pastas start flying around. Their instinct is to fly to other plates, in order to conquer them (the objective of the game is having your pasta conquer all the plates on the table). But they are really autonomous, so after being spawned, you have no control over your pasta (think DotA or LoL creeps). Your pasta doesn't like other people's pasta, so if they meet, they shoot sauce at each other until one dies. You get credits for other pastas your own pasta kill. Once a pasta is in vicinity of a plate
first_token_latency = 1094.16 ms
after_token_latency = 32.77 ms/token
gpu_message = 99
anwser finish


